Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Now, this lecture, we're going to make all this clickable, okay?
Now we're going to go back to our visit code now to make that clickable.
What you're going to do first is you're going to create a variable and we're going to call this variable
page and it's then you're going to set it to zero.
Okay.
Now you can see it wants us to give you a type.
So this is the type of event, right?
Okay, great.
Now, what we can also do is instead of using this bottom navigation bar, we can use the Cupertino
tab in order to get the high with.
Okay.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to get rid of this bottom navigation bar.
Then you're going to set this should be cool pie.
See?
No.
Top bar.
Okay, great.
Now let's use contra and ask for us to save and see.
I'd like.
Okay.
Now, is it of this background call over here?
We're just going to move it.
It wants us to pass the background column in this casino tab.
Okay, so I'm going to break this down.
They're going to say background, color, background.
Hello.
Yeah.
Okay, that's for the black.
Alright?
Okay.
Great.
We can now go check it out.
Okay.
I'm just going to.
I'd like.
They're going to break this down.
Okay.
Now what you can also do.
You can see currently it is not applicable and the selected icon is showing green.
We cannot change this to.
So it's in us that's this.
We don't want the active color to be green.
Okay.
So what you can do, the Cupertino tap has something on that active color.
So you're going to see colors.
That's why it's.
Okay.
Go check it out now.
You can see currently is white.
We can also see all this and that's if colors two should take the white color.
So we can see in active color.
This should be as close to white.
If you go check it out now.
Okay.
Great.
You can see it now similar to the other.
Okay.
You can just leave yours to that prototype of instead of using this capacitor top.
Really?
Like I said, you don't need to follow everything I'm doing.
You can just go with your own style.
Okay.
Now, we have created this page in Desirable and we've said you should be quick to zero.
Say for that.
The reason for this is we want to make this clickable.
You can see currently it is not clickable.
Right.
So now what you're going to do next is.
We tend to compare two notable features in the water navigation but is still going to be the same.
Okay, so the past is something known as the on tap.
Okay.
Then we're going to create a function.
Now over this parentheses, you're going to pass something on us in dance, which is different to the
starting point.
Okay.
Now.
We are going to test it.
But, you know, we can't suggest it isn't is that this we did that is we can't update the UI when we
are using what is it less widgets.
Okay.
So what are going to do for us and that's the use is tested, we need to use it for with it.
So this is the tool that we can easily just highlight this first.
Then we're going to use control and dots.
They were able to go to court, but to state who did?
Okay, now we can use the state food aid now.
Okay.
Then we can set it.
So it is going to be page and this is equal to the this in this way.
Okay.
So what you are trying to say is, first of all, we created a variable called page in this.
Then we set it to zero.
We should be the.
All right.
Okay.
So what's it is?
Big League is going to admit that it has to.
So this is going to be one of sorts of it's the indies to something different once each are being clicked.
Well, for the starter point, it's going to be zero.
We should be what?
The whole page.
Okay.
Grids now to make this clickable.
Now, the next thing we're going to do is in something that's covered in this is to host the place we
are currently in.
So we are going to pass in the courage index.
Then we're going to see it should be the page index, which is as at now it should be zero.
Well, once it is click is going to update its to one, two, three and so on.
Okay, so this is basically it.
Okay.
Control this to save.
Now, really, you can't see this.
So what you can do is as of this.
Active caller we can change it to a pink for now so we can see if it is not applicable.
Okay.
Now you can see this.
Okay, great.
So you can see now it is now clickable, right?
Okay.
Great.
So now in in this lecture, they're going to be able to navigate between pages.
So I'll click on this.
It's going to take us to the whole page.
When you click on field, it's going to take us to the first page when we click on stage cause, upload
and profile.
It's going to take us to those pages.
Okay, so that is what they're going to be doing in the next lecture.
Okay, guys, see you.